[Music]
seven simple tips for the ideal flight
when was the last time you've traveled
by plane they are one of the most modern
means of transport but we still don't
know all of their peculiarities want to
make your journey more comfortable watch
our simple tips for travelling by air
tip number seven the seats by the window
are colder have you ever heard about
this the temperature outside the cabin
can fall to as low as negative 140 to
negative 149 degrees Fahrenheit which
pulls down the temperature of the
plane's fuselage you can feel this
external cold above all in the seats by
the windows especially during summer
when you wear light clothing so if you
enjoy gazing out the window it's best to
dress a little warmer or ask the crew to
bring you a blanket here's tip number 6
avoid drinking coffee or tea keep in
mind the drinking water used to prepare
hot beverages on board can contain
malignant bacteria such as a coli and
Staphylococcus aureus specialists who
have tested the water on various
airlines has reached this conclusion on
more than one occasion so instead of
drinking tea or coffee ask for bottled
water or fruit juice tip number five
tables and seat pockets are the dirtiest
places on the plane it sounds disgusting
but it's true pockets on the seat back
in front of you are sometimes full of
trash accumulated during flights yep
they aren't cleaned as thoroughly as you
would expect when it comes to the tray
tables it's even worse one of the cabin
crew has recently admitted that people
often use these tables to change their
baby's diaper ill that's gross we
suggest you take some wet wipes with you
keep your personal stuff in your bag and
never place food directly on the table
never ever tip number four warning is
the best time for a flight if you have a
choice for the time of your flight it's
always a good idea to choose a morning
one first of all there is a much smaller
chance that it will be delayed later
flights are usually delayed because of
the ripple effects of delays throughout
the day moreover if you have a fear of
flying specialists claim that a degree
of turbulence is reduced in the morning
that's great news tip number three is
the best the service is better in the
final rose if
you sit in the first rows you will be
the first to leave the plane at the end
of the flight as well as get a choice of
meal on the other hand if you pick a
seat closer to the back of the cabin
you'll more attentive service from the
cabin crew for the crew it's easier to
bring additional food and other things
to the final rose the crew can do it in
a way that goes unnoticed by other
passengers therefore they can avoid
additional requests up and down the
plane tip number 2 don't inflate your
neck cushion to full volume when you
take a blowup pillow onto the plane
don't forget about the laws of physics
if you fill it with air completely it
might burst due to the changes in
pressure in the cabin so it's better to
leave it slightly deflated and finally
the last one always go with a special
menu airlines offer a choice of
different in flight meals such as
vegetarian seafood pulao pusher and many
others even if you have no particular
preference many travelers recommend
going for one of the specialist meal
choices they are often tastier and more
varied than the standard one do you have
a lot of friends who travel often share
this video with them they'll definitely
find it useful and if you're visiting
our channel for the first time click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]